cloud: add an option to access apply for poc (#10331)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-poc.md

1. Fill in the PoC application form by doing one of the following:

>     - If you have already [created a Developer Tier](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md#step-1-create-a-tidb-cluster) (one-year free trial), an prompt bar about submitting your PoC application is displayed in the TiDB Cloud console. You can click the PoC application link in the bar to fill in the PoC application form. Alternatively, you can also click **Apply for PoC** in the upper-right corner of the console to access the application form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you have already [created a Developer Tier](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md#step-1-create-a-tidb-cluster) (one-year free trial), click **Apply for PoC** in the upper-right corner of the console to fill in the PoC application form.
```

>     - If you have not created a Developer Tier yet, go to the [Apply for PoC](https://en.pingcap.com/apply-for-poc/) page to fill in the PoC application form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - On the PingCAP website, go to the [Apply for PoC](https://en.pingcap.com/apply-for-poc/) page to fill in the PoC application form.
```

1. Fill in the PoC application form by doing one of the following:

>     - In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click **Apply for PoC** in the upper-right corner to fill in the PoC application form.
>     - On the PingCAP website, go to the [Apply for PoC](https://en.pingcap.com/apply-for-poc/) page to fill in the PoC application form.

Author: ```suggestion
    - On the PingCAP website, go to the [Apply for PoC](https://en.pingcap.com/apply-for-poc/) page to fill in the PoC application form.
    - In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click **Apply for PoC** in the upper-right corner to fill in the PoC application form.
```
